{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang5129\deflangfe5129{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red46\green116\blue181;\red31\green77\blue120;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs32\lang9 Tutorial 1 \endash  Getting familiar with the machine, the front panel commands and indicators, and the general theory of operation\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
\i\lang5129 Goal: In this short tutorial, you will learn the different parts of the machine like the inputs, the readings and indicator and most importantly, the security feature made to protect you from the device and vice versa. Let's get started.\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\fi-360\li720\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\i0\f0\fs32\lang9 Theory of operation:\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\fs22 <TO BE FINISHED>\fs32\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\fi-360\li720\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs32 2.\tab Presentation of the different parts of the machine [5]\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f1 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i\lang5129 front panel\par
{\pntext\f1 2.\tab}controller\par
{\pntext\f1 3.\tab}power transmission\par
{\pntext\f1 4.\tab}table\par
{\pntext\f1 5.\tab}rail\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf1\i0\f0\fs26\lang9 1.1.\tab The knobs [2 of them]\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22 They are only used in manual mode to choose, and slowing vary 2 movement parameters: the frequency of the movement and the amplitude.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 1.2.\tab The enable switch [2 of them]\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22 Overrides the enable and disable orders from the controller. This is a security feature and is explained in detail in 1.2.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 1.3.\tab The mode switch [1 of them]\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22 This switch let you pick a mode. You can choose between Manual and Scenario. In "Manual" mode, you use the 2 knobs to make the table describe the movement you want by tweaking the frequency and amplitude you wish. In Scenario mode, the movements you want the table to describe are already pre-programmed in the controller and they will be executed automatically.  \par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 1.4.\tab The indicators or pilot lights [6 of them]\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22 There are 6 indicators on the front panel. Some are just for debug, and others are for checking the machine's state so you can understand what it is doing and in which phase it is.\par
The 2 \b green\b0  indicators indicate when there is power going to the motor (24V) and when there is power going to the controller (3.3V). Both of them should be on at all times when the machine is plugged and the mains switch is in the ON position. If not, your machine has a problem and is will not work.\par
The 2 \b red\b0  indicators correspond to the 2 limit switches: the left and right one. They illuminate as long as the switch is pressed. The only time you should see those 2 indicator illumination is during calibration mode, when the controller is trying to detect where the table has reached one end.\par
The \b amber\b0  indicator is linked to the \ldblquote Enable\rdblquote  state of the motor. When the motor is enabled, and caution is strongly recommended, this indicator is ON. When it is OFF then it MIGHT be safe to operate. To be 100% sure, please use the disable override rocker switch and check the enable status with the help of the indicator. \par
The \b white or blue\b0  (depending of the model) indicates if the position of the Scenario-manual rocker switch. It just indicates the state of the rocker switch and not the state the controller is in. In calibration mode for example, the mode select rocker switch could be in manual, the indicator will reflect this switch position but in reality, the controller is in calibration mode and will switch to manual as soon as it can. If the \ldblquote manual\rdblquote  mode is selected, the indicator will be ON, and if the \ldblquote scenario\rdblquote  mode is selected, the indicator will be OFF.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\fi-360\li360\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs32 1.\tab The security features [3]\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs24\lang5129\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1 1.1.\tab The limit switches\cf1\f1\fs26\lang9\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\fs22 There are 2 and are located on both sides of the rail. They are simple temporary spring-loaded, very sensitive switches. They are triggered when the table or any object slams into it. The code detects and acts immediately, within a few ms, to disable the motor. It is important to understand that disabling the motor means the absolute positioning of the table is lost, and therefore, a calibration is required. In calibration mode, limit switches indicate when the table has reached one end of the table.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf2\f0\fs24\lang5129 1.2.\tab The stepper disable toggle (or rocker) switch\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22\lang9 The stepper is a strong motor by default, and it packs a lot of torque for its relatively small size. There are very few chances for you to fight its action and succeed. That is the 2.5A we are feeding it, which can go up to 7.2. A stepper motor is stronger when it is static. In that state, the torque and current consumed are maximal. When it is producing a motion, however, the stepper is more susceptible to being moved against. Indeed, in that state, the current fluctuations in its 2 coils are designed to induce rotation of its shaft. This alternance of current diminishes the overall current and, therefore, torque. \par
As a side note, it is essential to notice that when a stepper is static, it uses a lot of power. This power, not being used entirely as mechanical energy to hold the motor shaft in place, must be dissipated. This dissipation occurs as thermal energy, and the 2 coils of the stepper slowly turns into giant resistors. When no testing is being done, please disable the power going to the stepper (procedure explained below) to avoid premature ageing of the coils.\par
Thanks to the built-in function of the stepper controller, it is possible to disable any power going to the stepper in a matter of ms. The state of the stepper, i.e. if it is enabled or disabled, is indicated on the front panel by the amber or yellow indicator. Off is disabled and safe to operate, ON is enabled, and caution is advised.\par
This function is partly handled by the controller: in some particular conditions, the controller will disable the stepper for you. But you can override and disable the stepper irrespective of the controller orders with the dedicated rocker switch exposed in the front panel. This rocker switch is made as a last-chance or barrier of protection. It is helpful primarily in 2 cases. \par
First, when there is a problem with the shake table and the limit switches are not being triggered (in this case, the mains switch (below) can be used as well). \par
The second case is as another layer of security for when you are handling equipment close to the moving part of the table or moving the table manually (discouraged) and want to make sure the motor will stay off.\par
It has been presented before, but any disabling of the motor will make it lose its absolute position. Therefore calibration is required after each disabling.  \par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\fi-432\li792\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf2\f0\fs24\lang5129 1.3.\tab The emergency switch\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\f1\fs22\lang9 If anything seems out of place or if there is a weird noise or smell, it's time to take action and disable all the power going to the machine. This is your best shot at stopping a critical problem before it is time to get the nearest fire extinguisher. You can turn off all power by simply slamming the large red emergency button. It is conveniently located on the left side of the table, far away from any potential danger, so it's always safe to press it. To reset it, like any emergency button, you have to twist it clockwise like you would screw it (righty-tighty) about a 1/6th of a turn.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
 \par
\par
\par
}
 